message
where's the nearest parking garage
Where is the nearest gas station?
show me the closest location where i can get chinese food
"Hi, please set up a reminder for my dinner on the 11th at 4pm with my sister. Thanks!"
What time is dinner and who is it with?
schedule dentist appointment
check forecast for new york
Will it be warm in Camarillo over the next 2 days?
what's the highest temperature for this week
Will there be hail in Mountain View today?
Will the weather be warm in Menlo Park on Sunday?
what is the weather like today and tomorrow
get me directions to the nearest shopping mall
remind me that i have a meeting at work on the 12th at 5 pm in conference room 100
where are the nearest coffee shops
What is the date of football and who is coming?
Will it be stormy in Redwood City on Wednesday?
is it going to snow today
What day and time is my yoga class?
is the weather cloudy right now
Will the weather be hail in Alhambra during the next seven days?
Schedule a yoga activity with Tom on the 8th at 2pm.
I need to find the shortest route to the hospital.
give me the closest fast food restaurant
What is the date of my Nextt dentist appointment and who will be attending it?
is it going to rain at all this upcoming week
Is there a nearby rest stop?
"Give me the address of the nearest shopping center to me, with the fastest route to it"
what is the weather like today in tomorrow
tell me the time of today's meeting
Find me a gas station that I can get to the quickest without any traffic
Where does my friend live?
show me traffic for going home
Will it be dry in Fresno on Sunday?
Car I'm desiring to have pizza: is there any restaurant within 2 miles?
search hotels near me
set a reminder for my conference call tomorrow
take me to the parking garage closest to my destination
where can i get coffee
Schedule meeting. 
what is the weather like in new york city
Can you find me the fastest route to a pizza restaurant?
i have a meeting tomorrow at 5 pm remind me 10 minutes before hand and attach my agenda to the calendar at 3
does the forecast say it will snow
I really need to have an appointment scheduled for tennis on the 7th at 11 am.
where's the closest place to park
I need to find a shopping center. 
Is it raining today in Grand Rapids?
When is my football activity and who is going with me?
find out if it's supposed to rain
What grocery stores are here?
i'm in pain navigate me to the nearest hospital
search for nearby starbucks
Will it be windy in redwood city today?
what's the weather forecast in new york
set a reminder
when do i have dinner planned for
"Set a reminder for a lab appointment at 6 pm on Sunday, August 8th with sister. "
In the next 48 hours will it rain in alhambra?
what is the forecast in my city
what is the weather next week
Set a reminder that I have football at 1pm next Wednesday with Martha 
What is the date and time of my doctor appointment?
On tuesday in san mateo find out if it will be warm
"Find out immediately the location, time, and date for my meeting. "
Will it be windy in Durham this week?
what time is my swimming scheduled for
give me directions to the nearest shopping center
Will there be dew in Brentwood this week?
What time and date is my lab appointment?
give me the forecast for the next 7 days
when is my next meeting
give me directions to the nearest grocery store
check the weather for the 7 day forecast
Please give me the address and directions via the quickest route to a hospital around me. 
"What day is my lab appointment, and who all will be there?"
set reminder for eye doctor appointment on the 12th at 3 pm
i feel like some coffee where's the nearest place
when am i playing tennis
set reminder for doctor's appointment for the tenth
schedule a dentist appointment at 3 next month on the 12th
show me the nearest shopping mall
tell me when my dentist appointment is
check forecast for new york
"Can you direct me to a coffee or tea place nearby, preferably on a route with no traffic?"
give me directions to the nearest mall
what is the weather like today and tomorrow
Where is the nearby hospital?
Set a reminder for doctors appointment on August 14th at 4pm with my sister
What date is my football activity and who is attending?
schedule a meeting for next week
check the weather
what time is yoga class
Schedule a 6 pm meeting with my boss to go over the quarterly report on Tuesday.
show me the closest location where i can get chinese food
Where is there a hospital around me?
find me a nearby shopping mall shopping center
Will it snow in Fresno in the next week? 
remind me to go swimming on the 12th of this month
is it going to snow in the next 7 days
"Car I need to get to a rest stop, please pick something with a quick route within 2 miles from here"
What is the date and time of my next football activity.
Where can I go shopping?
"Find out some information for my swimming activity, parties joining me and date. "
Schedule a tennis activity for the 13th at 9 am with my brother. 
Where is there Chinese food?
what is the weather like for tomorrow night
check to see if i have any meetings or conferences in the near future
find the nearest coffee shop
directions to coffee and tea house
Set an optometrist appointment for 3pm on the 15th of this month with my aunt
Where is the hospital?
get me the weather forecast for the next 7 days
get me the weather report for this week
Is it dry in Fresno right now?
what time is my meeting at
what's the forecast going to be for today and tomorrow
Please give me the address and directions by the fastest route to a coffee or tea place. Avoid heavy traffic please. 
give me directions to starbucks
put my optometrist appointment in my calendar
give me directions to the local coffee shop
schedule lab test
what is the current temperature
Where is the closest shopping center located at?
Will it be stormy in Grand Rapids during the week?
Please give me the address and directions via the quickest route to the nearest gas station. 
Remind me that next week at 5pm I have tennis with Jon.
what's the weather today
update me on the weekly weather forecast for this week
schedule doctor's appointment for august 3 at 10
is it cloudy today
Will there be clear skies in Redwood City next week?
Where can I eat pizza?
what are some nearby hotels
Find a parking garage.
make a reminder for me to pick up my prescription later today
show me what time i need to take my pills
Find home address that is within the distance of 5 miles.
"Remind me about my football activity on the 1st, at 1 pm with my brother"
set an appointment for a meeting on my calendar
Find out if it will drizzle today or tomorrow in downtown Chicago
When is the football?
I need to find out the time and parties attending my optometrist appointment. 
Where can I go shopping?
Car I need to go to a grocery store: which one is it the closest to me?
what time is my yoga class
what's the weather going to be like this week
remind me about the date and time that he was going to be there and what the agenda is for his business meaning
I would like to know what time and day my tennis is. 
Where is there a shopping center within 5 miles?
what is the weather going to be today and tomorrow
get directions to home
get me directions to the closest starbucks
Where can I fill up?
make a note that at 5 pm on the 12th i have yoga
what is the date location and time of my next conference
"What is the date, time, and agenda of my next conference?"
I need a route to my friends that avoids heavy traffic. 
what's the temperature going to be like this week
Where can I get some tea.
what is the forecast for new york city
Where can I get pizza?
Will it be windy in Corona on Wednesday?
give me this week's high temperature
What is the date and time of my optometrist appointment?
take me home
find a tea shop
what are the directions to the mall
find nearest coffee shop
what's the weather like in grand rapids
where can i get coffee
what's the weather going to be today and also what is the weather going to be this week
Where can I go shopping?
What hospitals are nearby?
set reminder for laboratory request on this month on the 12th
"When, where, and what time is my meeting, and who will be there?"
"Give me the agenda, date and time of my next meeting. "
Will it be hot in Grand Rapids on Friday?
What is the shortest route to home?
remind me when i can get my lab results
tomorrow's forecast
find me the best parking spot
Set a reminder to take medicine at 10am on the 11th with my brother
Set a reminder for a lab appointment on the 13th at 4PM with Jeff.
Schedule a conference with management on Monday August 8th at 10am.
what is the weather like in new york city
"In mountain view, will there be frost today or tomorrow?"
what's the weather like this week
what's the weather forecast going to be for each day this upcoming week is it going to snow
I need to know who is going with me to optometrist appointment  and what day. 
what is the temperature for the next 7 days weather forecast
Where is the nearest rest stop?
Where is the closest hospital?
what day is my dentist appointment
Can you find out who is joining me and what day my optometrist appointment is at?
Over the next few days will it rain in fresno
what's the weekly weather report for the city
Will it be humid in Inglewood during the next few days?
Will there be dew in Menlo Park next week? 
Will it be warm in San Mateo over the weekend?
take me to the nearest shopping center
give me directions to my friends house
I want pizza.
Where can I go shopping?
set a reminder to go to conference room 104 the meeting on the 12th
On Thursday will it be overcast in Exeter?
What is the date and time for my doctor appointment? 
What is my address?
what time is my doctor's appointment tomorrow
remind me of a doctors appointment on the 29th
Which one is gonna be the lowest temperature today and tomorrow in Fresno?
"Car, will you schedule a Doctor's appointment for me? Set it for 11 am, tomorrow, with Jon."
what's the current temperature outside
what's the weather forecast for tomorrow
Find a grocery market for me please.
take me to the nearest grocery store
i need to make an appointment to get lab testing done on a certain date
find me a nearby tea or coffee shop
remind me about my doctor's visit
What time is my optometrist appointment and who all will be there?
please tell me the weather for today and tomorrow
What time is my doctor appointment and who is attending?
find me all the nearest hotels
I'd like to set a reminder for my meeting at 2pm later this month please.
take me to the nearest starbucks please
can you give me directions to the nearest starbucks
Schedule conference. 
is there a chance of snow in this weeks weather forecast
Is there a grocery store close?
what is the temperature outside
what is the weather supposed to be like for the next week
What is the time of my swimming activity and who is attending?
what time is my doctor's appointment today
Can you find me a coffee place near me?
give me directions to my friends house
check the weather for the 7 day forecast
what's the temperature going to be for the week
what day is my swimming lessons
"Remind me about my optometrist appointment with my father on the 29th, at 7 pm"
what time is the meeting
please tell me the weather for today and tomorrow
Set a reminder for today's optometrist appointment at 3 with my mom
"I need to find a gas station fast, we are about out. "
Find my home address for me around here in this area.
navigate to the nearest fast food restaurant
Is there a grocery store within 5 miles? 
show me the route to coffee shop
tell me the date and time of my next doctor's appointment
doctor's appointment at 10 am on monday august 8th
what's the temperature for today
Will it be hot in Redwood City on Monday?
Schedule a swimming activity with Marie for Friday at 1pm.
When is my yoga?
What is the date and time for the yoga activity?
schedule my dentist appointment on the 12th
remind me about the football game
directions to local hotel
Will there be drizzle in the forecast for oakland this week?
schedule an appointment for yoga
What is the date of my next dinner and who will be attending it?
Can you find me a gas station nearby?
Schedule a optometrist appointment for Thursday at 5pm. My father is joining me.
Find out if alhambra will be dry this week
what's the temperature
take me to a place where i can get something to eat
"Where is my meeting, which parties will be attending, and what is the meeting about?"
is it going to be raining this weekend
Where can I get pizza?
what is the weather in new york city
Check the next 48 hours and tell me is alameda will be misty.
is it going to be cloudy in the next 7 days
what's the weather like
set an alarm for my doctor's appointment
give me directions to a coffee place
Who is attending the swimming activity and what date is it?
Locate my friends address for me.
Will there be frost in Atherton on Friday? 
Will it be humid in exeter tomorrow?
Can I expect to see clear skies in Compton next week?
what's the temperature going to be for the week
what's the forecast for the weather today
Who will be at my lab appointment and what day is it?
add a meeting to my calendar
What time do I have to take my medicine and who will be here?
what's the temperature in city
Is there any rain in the current weather forecast in Inglewood?
What's the 7 day forecast in Brentwood?
does the local forecasts say it'll be cloudy
Where can I get groceries?
remind me that i have a doctors appointment at 5 pm
What time is dinner and who is attending?
what is the weather like today
schedule my dentist appointment on the 12th
What is the date and time of my next optometrist appointment?
find starbucks
Is it gonna hail in Mountain View this week?
Find me a chinese spot i could get to the quickest.
what time is my meeting
is it snowing next week
when is my next meeting
find me a tea house
Where is the rest stop within 2 miles?
tell me the closest place to get a cup of hot tea
navigate to the closest restaurant
What is the agenda for the conference?
Will it be misty in Alameda next week?
what is the weather for next week
what's the weather forecast
Car I need to buy groceries: is there any grocery store on our way?
what is the weather for today
Are there gonna be clear skies on Sunday in Durham?
I need to find out the time and the parties attending my yoga activity. 
how cloudy is it going to be for the next week
Set a reminder for my tennis activity at 6pm this week with Martha.
What is the address of the local hospital?
Where can I get tea?
what are the directions to the nearest hospital
Is there any dew in the forecast over the next few days in Durham?
Schedule a conference for 11 am on the 6th of this month with sales team.
Can you give me the address and the quickest route directions to a gas station within two miles of here?
When is my dentist appointment? Who am I going with?
give me directions home
is it going to rain this week
Where are the rest stops near me?
What is my home address and what is the route I can take there with the least traffic that will get me there the quickest?
What is the weather report for Durham today and tomorrow?
Please give me an address and directions via the fastest route to a coffee or tea place around me. 
Please give me the address and directions via a route that avoids all heavy traffic to a hospital around here. 
i have a dinner. when is it and who is attending
can i get the two day weather report
give me directions to the nearest parking garage
what's the weekly weather report for the city
Is it currently rainy in Fresno
take me home
navigate to the closest restaurant
I need help finding a grocery store.
Schedule a meeting on December 10th at 2pm with the infrastructure team to discuss the merger.
Will it be cloudy in San Jose this week?
What's the highest temperature going to be in Grand Rapids tomorrow?
Are there shopping centers nearby?
Is it foggy in exeter today
please show me the weekly weather report
Where is the nearest rest stop?
find me the closest fast food place that serves chinese
Schedule a yoga activity with Martha for the 4th at 10am.
Who is going to play tennis with me? 
Car I'm desiring coffee: which one is the closest to my position?
car what is the weather going to be like in the next several days
search for nearest fast food restaurants
Where do I live?
check today's forecast for rain
make me an appointment with the optometrist
Where does my friend live?
Schedule a dinner at 5pm of the 12th of current month with my father.
Car I need a parking garage in the area around me: please send the fastest route on my screen
Is it going to rain in Exeter over the next few days?
schedule an appointment with the optometrist on the 12th
what's the weekly weather report for the city
what is the forecast for new york city
I'm desiring to eat at some Chinese restaurant: please pick the nearest one!
on my calendar set a time for tennis at 12 pm
Schedule dinner at 3pm next week with sister
is it going to rain at all this upcoming week
remind me to go get a shot tomorrow
find me a tea house
find the nearest restaurant with chinese take-out
Car I need to go to a grocery store
give me this week's high temperature
Will there be frost in Alameda tomorrow?
Is there rain on Sunday
is it cloudy in the next 7 days
what are some nearby restaurants
"Car I need to get to some rest stop, I'm tired, please find something in the local area"
Schedule a football activity with my aunt on the 5th at 4pm.
is it going to rain this week
Schedule a optometrist appointment on the 7th at 2 pm with Jon. 
add a meeting to my calendar
is it snowy in fresno
what time is the group meeting
what's the forecast for today
what is the weather like right now
Look at today and tomorrow's forecast and tell me if there will be a blizzard in mountain view
Who is taking medicine with me and on what day?
"Schedule an appointment at 7pm today with Jeff the optometrist, please"
"What is the location and time of the meeting, and who is attending?"
how cloudy is it going to be for the next week
What is the weather report for Saturday in Manhattan?
is there any traffic on the route home
Car I want to have some tea! Is there anything in the area?
let me know if there will be snow and ice in the next week's forecast
what is the weather today in tomorrow
Where is the closest shopping center?
Will there be dew in Redwood City in the weekend?
take me to the nearest hospital
what is the weather going to be like today and tomorrow
What is the date of my next dinner event and who will be attending?
Will it be cloudy in Manhattan today and tomorrow?
navigate to the nearest mall
take me to the nearest hotel
can you find me parking nearby
Find out the temperature in alhambra on tuesday
Will it be warm in Brentwood on Sunday?
Get me the address to a chinese restaurant in the area.
Give me a quick route to a pizza restaurant within 5 miles of here
What time is my meeting and who is going to be there and what is the agenda?
what's the temperature
"I have a meeting at 3 pm, set a reminder. "
where's the nearest shopping mall
check the weather for today
what time is the exercise class
check weather
set my route to the closest mall
Does the weekend outlook say if there will be dew in mountain view?
give me the full weekly weather forecast
set a reminder on my calendar for football practice at 4:50 pm on august 12th
i'm not feeling well show me the fastest route to the nearest hospital
what time is the group meeting
set reminder for dinner
Are there any hospitals near me
what's the forecast for the weather today
Car I need to get to a shopping center: please pick the quickest one around here
check to see if there will be rain today or tomorrow in alameda
What time is my tennis activity and who will be attending it?
find me a hotel nearby
make an appointment for me to get my laboratory results later this week
What is the date of my swimming activity and who is attending?
find weekly weather forecast
Schedule swimming tomorrow at 2 with my brother
set an alarm for my doctor's appointment
"Hi car, can you set a reminder for my conference at 5 pm, the 6th of this month, with executive team for 1 pm?"
Tell me will there be snow in redwood city on monday?
show me nearby parking
When is the football event and who is attending?
Can you tell me when my swimming activity is? 
directions to the nearest takeout chinese restaurant
Is it stormy in San Francisco right now?
take me to the nearest starbucks please
I need to know the agenda for my meeting as well as who is attending and the location. 
What shopping centers are around?
"Car I want pizza, please send me the address of any pizza restaurant nearby"
Where does my friend live?
pull up directions to 5672 barringer street
show me directions to the nearest starbucks
When is my conference and where is it
Car I'm desiring to do some shopping: which one is it the nearest shopping center? Anything within 4 miles?
when is my dentist appointment
Is it gonna be blizzard today in Danville?
"I need to know when the conference is, where it is, and who is attending. "
give me directions to my friends house
Find me the quickest route to the gas station. 
Will it be cloudy in Los Angeles on Thursday?
what is the temperature for the next 7 days weather forecast
Where can I buy groceries?
I need the route with the shortest distance to a parking garage in the area
What will be the lowest temperature in grand rapids over the next seven days?
what is the weather like this week
Can I find a chinese restaurant?
show me the directions to starbucks
what's the weather forecast for the next week
What is the date and time of my next doctors appointment?
what time is my lab appointment for
I want Chinese.
what's the weather like today
remind me about my son's football practice at 2 tomorrow
What is the date of my optometrist appointment and who will be attending it?
tell me the weather forecast for this week
what is the weather like today and tomorrow
Is there a Starbucks here?
tell me what the temperature will be like for the next week
I need to set a reminder for a lab appointment. 
"Can you set a reminder for my Optometrist appointment at 10 am, tomorrow with Jeff? "
Where's the conference happening? Who's going to be there and what are we talking about?
tell me when i have yoga class
Where is the nearest parking garage?
check the weather for today
is it going to be cloudy this week
"Car I'd like to eat pizza, please pick come restaurant within 3 miles and send the quickest route on screen"
car what is the weather going to be like in the next several days
Car I wanna go to a shopping center: is there anything within 3 miles?
set a reminder on the 12th to refill my prescription
What time do i need to take medicine and who will be helping me?
check forecast for today and tomorrow
Set a reminder for a dentist appointment at 5 pm on Monday the 1st with my mother.
when will my lab results be in
give me a quick route to a grocery store
check the weather for today
What date is tennis activity and who is attending?
what day is my next tennis match
What hospitals are here?
take me to a chinese restaurant
can you give me the weather this week for new york city
Will it be hail in Cleveland on Sunday?
show me the route to coffee shop
what day and time did i schedule my blood test for
What date is my dentist appointment and who is attending?
what is the weather like in boston
Car I'm desiring some tea
what time is my meeting scheduled
It's gonna be cloudy in Oakland in next few days?
I have yoga on Saturday with Marie. 
Will there be frost in Durham next week?
What will the highest temperature in Seattle be today?
can you give me directions to the nearest hotel
What will the lowest temperture be in downtown Chicago next week?
find the nearest shopping mall on the map
Is there a Philz here?
What time is my lab appointment and what party is attending?
schedule yoga appointment
what will the weather be like in the city
Where can I find a hospital?
Is it gonna be hail in Mountain View now?
Schedule a conference with the vice president on August 14th at 10am.
"What is the date, time, and agenda of my next conference?"
remind me to pick up lab results
I need a route to the hospital with no traffic. 
"Car I wanna eat at some Chinese restaurant: please pick a route with least traffic, better if there will be no traffic at all"
Schedule a dentist appointment for tomorrow at 2pm. Marie is coming along
get me directions to the nearest chinese restaurant
give me directions to the nearest mall
remind me about that meeting later
make an appointment for me to get my laboratory results later this week
Who is attending dinner and what time is it?
Can you set a reminder for yoga activity at 9 am this week with father?
what is the weather forecast for the weekend
"Schedule a meeting at 1pm, this month on the 11th with boss to discuss dress code. "
check the weather for the 7 day forecast
can you give me directions to the nearest hotel
I need to schedule Yoga with Martha. 
"Hello, can you set the schedule for an Optometrist appointment at 10am, on Thursday, with Marie, please and thank you. "
Is it going to be humid in Danville on Saturday?
Is it currently windy in fresno?
is there any rain in the local forecast
what's the forecast for new york city
Quickest route home. 
navigate me to the nearest hotel
Find the address to a chinese restaurant that i could get to the quickest.
I need to schedule a dentist visit. 
tell me what the temperature will be like for the next week
directions to the nearest takeout chinese restaurant
what time am i scheduled to play tennis at
what's the weather like
Where does my friend live?
I need a place that serves coffee locally.
Set a reminder for optometrist appointment at 2 pm today with Marie.
Tell me if it will rain in Alameda in the next 48 hours
what the nearest gas station by me?
what is the weather going to be today and tomorrow
What day and time is my dentist appointment?
find me the nearest grocery store
I need the quickest route to a coffee shop. 
Remind me that I have a meeting with my Boss on the 13th of next month at 5pm
On what day and time should i be taking my medicine?
Where can I get gas?
what is today's weather forecast
navigate to nearest chinese food place
directions to coffee and tea house
navigate to the nearest starbucks
Schedule a meeting on Monday the 1st at 11am with the sales team to discuss the company picnic.
is it going to rain today
give me the weather for next week
When is my tennis scheduled for?
what time is my tennis activity?
will it rain anytime in the next week
"What is the date, location, and agenda of my next conference?"
will it be raining in the next 7 days
which days are rain forecasted
Find out if it will be cloudy on Monday in Cleveland.
what is the weather like in new york this week
What is the date of my dentist appointment and who will be attending it?
Where is there a pizza place near me?
Will there be clear skies in Compton on the weekend?
take me to the nearest cafe
what is the forecast for this week
find the nearest chinese place on the map
Where does  my friend live?
What is the date and time of my dentist appointment?
how is the weather in the city this weekend
what's the weekly weather report for the city
Where do I live?
Car I wanna go to a grocery store!
is the weather cloudy right now
is it going to rain in the next few days tell me when
what's the weather forecast for the next week
What date is my football activity and who is attending?
will it rain next week
Set a reminder for taking my medicine at 4 pm on the 8th with Ana.
What is the date of the next time i need to take medicine and who will be attending?
I need the fastest route to a rest stop. 
what's the weather like this week
find me a nearby parking garage or parking lot
search today's forecast
There will be a blizzard tomorrow in Grand Rapids?
get me directions to the grocery store
Will there be rain in Durham this upcoming week?
what's the weather going to be today and also what is the weather going to be this week
Please give me the address and quickest route directions to the nearest gas station. 
give me directions to the nearest car parking area
can you give me directions to the nearest starbucks
when is my next conference
set a reminder for tennis
Can you find out the time and date for my next meeting? Oh and the location.
how's the weather in new york
Look at today and tomorrow and tell me if there will be drizzle in camarillo
What time is my optometrist appointment and who will be going?
is it going to rain this week
set a calendar reminder to go out to dinner
what's the weather like today and tomorrow
Where is the closest Chinese restaurant?
search for nearby cafe
I need you to find out the time and who is attending my yoga activity. 
confirm dentist appointment on the 12th at 4:50 pm
what time is my optometrist appointment
"find out the location, date and time for my meeting. "
show me the locations of all of the nearby motels
Get the address to my friend's house that i could get to the fastest.
what is the weather going to be like tomorrow show me the 7 day forecast
give me directions to nearest mall
Need a coffee place within 4 miles with the quickest route.
Set a reminder for dinner at 10am on the 22nd with my aunt. 
what will the weather be like tomorrow
What day and time is my lab appointment?
Tell me about my lab appointment
what is the weather next week
Schedule dinner with Martha tonight at 10pm.
what is the weather for the next 7 days
which days will be cloudy this week
how hot is it going to be this week
what is the weather today in tomorrow
make me an appointment with the optometrist
What hospital is close?
Who is going with me to the optometrist appointment?
Where can I find a parking garage?
schedule yoga class at 4:50 on the 12th
Where can I go shopping?
what's the weather going to be like this week
"Car I need a parking garage in the shortest distance, please help me!"
Where does my friend live?
I would like to schedule a meeting at 5 PM on August 3rd with HR to discuss dress code.
Where is a close rest stop?
what is the forecast for this week
"What parties are on the calendar, what time are they, and where are they being held?"
Where is a gas station within 2 miles?
what is the date and time of my next meeting
There will be any hail in San Francisco on Thursday?
Where can I go shopping?
Find the address of my closest friends house.
What date and time is the football event?
"Whats the nearest shopping center to me, and I need the quickest route."
Set a reminder for the conference with the executive team at 5pm on Monday August 7th.
give me directions to the nearest restaurant
What will the highest temperature in San Jose be in the next 7 days? 
what is the current temperature
Where can I get tea?
find nearest chinese restaurant
set reminder to make doctor's appointment
directions to the nearest takeout chinese restaurant
when is the meeting
Where is the closest coffee shop?
show me what time i need to take my pills
I'm going to Redwood City on Thursday: will it be humid?
Please give me the address and directions to a coffee shop via the quickest route. 
what is the date of the next vaccination
Please schedule a swimming activity Tuesday at 5pm with Martha.
find the nearest chinese place on the map
i need directions to a local fast food restaurant please
is it snowing next week
what's the temperature going to be this week
Schedule a lab appointment with Ana for the 3rd at 2pm.
remind me to get a shot
"Please give me the address and directions to a gas station near my current location, avoiding all heavy traffic. "
schedule a work meeting for the conference room this tuesday at 10
what's the weather going to be like today and tomorrow
i'm looking for some takeout chinese food
tell me how hot it's going to be in the forecast for the weather
give me directions to the nearest shopping mall
remind me i have a tennis match on the 12th
What is the date and time for my scheduled dinner this week with Sue.
Who will be going to my doctors appointment and what day is it on?
I'm desiring to eat at some Chinese restaurant: is there any in the area?
find me a nearby shopping mall shopping center
Is it humid in Compton now?
show me this week's forecast
what is the weather for today
What date and time is my dentist appointment at?
Set a reminder for tennis on August 3rd at 11am with my aunt
what's today's and tomorrow's forecast
is it going to rain at all this upcoming week
Will it be warm in Cleveland on Tuesday?
get me directions to the nearest chinese restaurant
Need a gas station nearest me will little traffic.
Schedule
give me the weekly weather forecast
Please give me the address and quickest route details for a parking garage nearby. 
schedule a doctor's appointment
will it rain this week
Over the next seven days will there be any drizzle in camarillo?
What will the temperature be this weekend in grand rapids?
where can i find tea around me
what's the weather like in downtown chicago
Locate a nearby shopping mall for me.
Directions to a hotel please. 
remind me of my yoga activity with Marie.
directions to the nearest grocery store
Will there be a blizzard this week in Manhattan?
what are the directions to the mall
what's the seven day forecast for new york city
Can you find me a rest stop. I'm tired. 
remind me of my dentist appointment
Where is the closest hospital?
take me to my friends house
What is the date and time for tennis?
Where is a parking garage at nearby?
"I need you to set a reminder for a doctor appointment at 11 am, the 7th, with Alex."
what time is my swimming lessons scheduled
I need to schedule tennis with Jon. 
Car I'm desiring to have some pizza! Is there any pizzeria in the local area?
is it snowing out
what is the date for my next yoga appointment
Schedule a doctor appointment with my brother on Monday August 8th at 5pm.
Where can I get Chinese food?
Is there a place that serves coffee near me?
what's the temperature going to be like today and tomorrow
find out what time my eye doctor appointment is
Can you find me the closest hospital to me?
remind me i have a doctors appointment on the 12th at 5 pm
what's the temperature going to be like this week
Will there be hail in Los Angeles today?
is it going to snow next week
I want pizza/
show directions for the nearest grocery store
What is the forecast for Seattle for the next 48 hours?
What day and time is tennis?
schedule a doctors appointment on the 12th
Where is the nearby hospital?
Where is the closest rest stop?
show me the locations of all of the nearby motels
what's the weather like in downtown chicago
when is my doctor's appointment
Where can I get groceries?
find me a hotel nearby
Where can I get pizza?
what time is the doctor's appointment
"Set a reminder for my football activity at 3pm this Tuesday, with mother. "
where is the nearest hotel
Will it drizzle in Los Angeles today?
is it supposed to snow today
Will it be windy tomorrow in Atherton?
I'd like a chinese restaurant
Car I'm desiring pizza: pick a pizza restaurant with least traffic on our way!
What time is my dentist appointment and who is going?
what is the date and time of the conference
Find me a pizza place within 3 miles and avoid all heavy traffic
Schedule a football activity with Jon for the 29th at 6pm.
Where is the closest shopping center?
There will be any hail in Danville during the week?
what is the temperature going to be like this week
"Schedule a dinner at 6pm, on the 15th of this month, with my sister"
will it hail in oakland
are there clear skies in the forecast today
find a coffee place
Next week in San Mateo will there be any frost?
What will the highest temperature be in Menlo Park on Tuesday?
what is the chance of rain next week
does the forecast call for snow today
"When is the meeting, what is the agenda and who are attending?"
is it going to rain sometime this week
what is the current temperature
Are there any Chinese places I can get to with no traffic within 5 miles of here?
Look at today and tomorrow and tell me if there will be any snow in san francisco
what is the date and time of the conference
What is the time and date of my doctor appointment.
Car I need a hotel to get some sleep: is there any in the local area?
Where is a near rest stop?
Set a reminder for a conference with the vice president next Wednesday at 10 am.
I need to find the closest hospital. 
Is the weather overcast in grand rapids now?
Where is the nearest pizza place?
give me the full weekly weather forecast
what's the weather going to be like today
please give me directions to 5677 springer street
what is the weather today
find me chinese restaurants within 3 miles of my current location
set an alarm for the football game
What time and date is my next yoga activity?
I need to see the Dentist this month the 6th at 7pm with Jon. 
What's the route to my friends house within 4 miles?
give me directions to some nearby hotels
when is my next yoga class
what is the weather forecast in the city
remind me about the conference tomorrow at 12 pm in conference room 100
what will the temperature be this weekend
Will it be misty in Redwood City during the upcoming seven day period?
where can i go to eat
find the nearest parking garage
take me to the nearest starbucks
When is yoga? Who's going to be there?
Where is a nearby parking garage?
find me a gas station that is within 3 miles please.
I need to know if Brentwood is going to be overcast on Monday please. 
what will the weather be like tomorrow
Will it be foggy in Menlo Park in the next two days?
What time is my next lab appointment and who will be attending it with me?
Will there be and dew this week in Inglewood?
Are we going to have clear skies in San Francisco on Sunday?
what is the temperature
What date is my yoga activity and who is attending? 
give me the weather for next week
Schedule a dentist appointment at 3 pm on the 11th of this month with father. 
where's the nearest place to get lunch
In new york will it be foggy this week?
what is the weather forecast in the city
what is the weather for today
Get me the address to my nearest friend's house.
Please give me the address and directions via the quickest route to a coffee or tea place within 2 miles of here. 
On sunday in exeter will it be overcast?
Find my friend's current address please.
when and where is my meeting
Will the weather be warm tomorrow in Los Angeles?
set a reminder for lab work on the 12th
I need to get groceries.
find me somewhere to park
get me the weather forecast for the next 7 days
What date is my optometrist appointment on and who will be attending? 
what is the chance of rain next week
Please get me to a gas station asap. 
add tomorrow night's football game to my calendar for 9 pm
navigate to the nearest hotel
"Set a reminder about the meeting at 4 pm this week with the sales team, to discuss the company picnic"
Tell me if there will be frost in cleveland the next 7 days?
What is the date and time for dinner?
Please set a reminder for an optometrist appointment later this week at 5pm with Marie.
Find my home address for me car.
Please give me the address and directions via a quick route to my friend's house. 
Is it stormy in Manhattan now?
Will it be warm in menlo park this saturday?
Get me the address to the hospital asap.
"Car I wanna go back home, please pick the fastest route!"
what's the weather like today and tomorrow
what is the current temperature
where's the nearest place to get a hot cup of tea
please show me the weekly weather report
is it going to rain in the next 7 days
what's the weather going to be like for this week
Please give me all relevant information about my meeting. 
I need to schedule a doctor appointment at 10 am. The 14th of August with Alex. 
What is the address of my house?
Schedule a meeting. 
find me a nearby parking garage or parking lot
Schedule a optometrist appointment with my aunt on Tuesday August 8th at 10 am.
I need to find a grocery store.
Is it gonna be hot on Saturday in Los Angeles?
search for nearby cafe
directions to the nearest coffee shop
please find me directions to a nearby place i can get some coffee
Look at the seven day forecast and see if it will be hot in oakland
Find a coffee shop near me please.
Will it be warm in New York today and tomorrow?
What parties and am I attending and what are the dates
when should i take my medicine next
navigate me to the nearest grocery store
what's the weather forecast in new york
Remind me at 4pm next Wednesday about my conference with the sales team.
get me directions to the mall
how hot is it going to be this week
What's the quickest route to a pizza restaurant?
is it going to snow in the next 7 days
what time do the lab results come in
put on my calendar that i need to get my lab results this thursday at 3:30
Will it rain in fresno over the next seven days
how many hotels are around here
What time is the football game and who will be there?
give me the time for my next doctor's appointment
give me directions to the local coffee shop
What is the date of my next tennis activity and who will be attending?
how is the climate on friday
Find me a local hotel in my area.
What time is my optometrist appointment and who is attending?
direct me to the nearest starbucks
get me directions to the nearest coffee shop
what will the weather be like in the city
schedule a conference
what's the temperature going to be like on friday
Im looking for a shopping mall around here.
Is it gonna  drizzle in Manhattan during the next seven days?
Car there should be my friends house around here: do you see it on the map?
What time is dinner and who is attending? 
"Schedule a reminder for my tennis activity at 6pm, the tenth with father. "
is it cloudy today
is there any rain in the local forecast
what is the date time and location of my next conference
What's the temperature in Carson going to be on Tuesday?
is it going to snow next week
Will it be foggy in downtown Chicago on Tuesday?
i'm taking medicine on the 1st
"Car, schedule a conference at 1pm today with the infrastructure team. "
Will there be frost in san francisco this week?
Where is the nearest chinese restaurant?
what's the weekly forecast
what will the weather be like in the city
What time is my football activity and who is attending?
Find me the address of a shopping center.
Will it be stormy in San Mateo on Sunday?
i have to go grocery shopping can you give me directions to the nearest grocery store
Where is there a coffee or tea place around. Find me one that will get me there the quickest with the least traffic
what day is my next meeting we will it end and what are we going to do
"Good day car, I would like to schedule a meeting at 9 am, next Wednesday with management to discuss the merger. "
"Car I need to get to my friends house, it should be within 4 miles from here"
When is my tennis match?
Car I need a parking garage within 5 miles of my current position
what's the forecast for today
Please schedule a reminder for my doctor appointment at 11am on August 3rd with Alex.
navigate me to the nearest hotel
what is the forecast for this week
"Set a reminder for a dentist appointment this month on the 11th at 11am, with Tom."
What's the forecast in Brentwood for Sunday?
what's the weather like in grand rapids
I need a parking garage that is in the 2 mile range.
directions to local cafe
Please give me the address and directions via a quick route to my friend's house. 
how is the weather in the city this weekend
"Hi, what time and date is my swimming activity?"
Check the next 48 hours and tell me if it's supposed to be stormy in San Francisco
Info for lab appointment
Is durham stormy right now?
What is the date of my next doctor appointment and who will be attending it with me?
take me to the nearest shopping center
Schedule swimming. 
Schedule a reminder about a doctor appointment with my mother at 11am on the 7th of this month.
"What is the date, agenda, and time of my next meeting."
find me a nearby tea or coffee shop
will it be cloudy
Find what the temperature will be in downtown Chicago this weekend.
does the forecast say it will snow
Where does my friend live?
Will it be stormy in Exeter on Wednesday?
bring me to the nearest starbucks
When is my dentist appointment and who is coming?
What day do I need to take my medicine and who will be there?
take me to the closest starbucks
What is the date of my next medicine event and who will be attending?
i have an eye doctors appointment on the 12th at 5 pm
Remind me about my optometrist appointment with Jon at 2 pm at the end of March
On what date is my doctor's appointment and who is going?
"Set a reminder for my lab appointment at 2pm, this Tuesday with father. "
what is the temperature going to be like this week
"Car I need to get at my friends house near my current location, please send me their address on the screen"
give me directions to the closest grocery store
Where can I get Chinese food?
search for nearest fast food restaurants
show me the weather for the next 7 days
set reminder to take my medicine on the 12th at 3 pm
"Car, remind me to take my medicine at 2 pm, Monday August 8th. I need you to add Jeff to the parties involved. "
what is the weather today and tomorrow
where is the house
please give me directions to a nearby parking garage parking lot
what is the forecast for today and tomorrow
What's the weather gonna be like on Friday in Corona?
Will it be foggy in Redwood City on Wednesday?
where can i go to eat
find me directions to the nearest hotel
let me know if there will be snow and ice in the next week's forecast
Could you tell me if there will be clear skies in Carson on Friday?
please give me an alternate route home
Where can I get Chinese food?
give me directions to the closest chinese food restaurant
"What is the time and agenda for my meeting, and who is attending?"
Remind me about my football activity with my father at 5 pm.
"Set a reminder for my dentist appointment tomorrow at 9 am, with Tom"
what time is my appointment today
Schedule a meeting today at 9 am with management to discuss the company picnic.
Remind me about the football activity at 4pm on the 13th with Tom
set my route to the closest mall
Schedule a lab appointment with my aunt for the 7th at 1pm.
Is the weather going to be dry in Brentwood on Wednesday?
doctor's appointment at 10 am on monday august 8th
What is the date and time of my next dentist appointment.
schedule an appointment
what time should i get my shot this afternoon
what is the weather like in new york this week
i'd like to know where i can get some chinese takeout
Schedule a yoga activity with Jon on Wednesday at 1pm.
please give me directions to 5677 springer street
take me to the closest mall
On wednesday will there be dew in alhambra
"Set a reminder for an optometrist appointment at 4pm, August 3rd. Make sure my Aunt is there."
which days will be cloudy this week
Find out the time and parties attending for my yoga activity. 
where can i find tea around me
Who is going to yoga and when is it? 
navigate home
Will there be drizzle in Oakland on Sunday?
car is it going to snow today
confirm meeting
set a reminder for lab work on the 12th
Car I need a parking garage closest to my position: help me please!
I need a parking garage around here.
Is there a Philz near?
Schedule a dentist appointment with my aunt on the 4th at 6pm.
add the football game to my calendar
I need information for my upcoming conference.
find me a hotel nearby
I'm in need of coffee: is there any near my current location?
show the route to my friend's house
Tomorrow will there be frost in manhattan?
"Hi car, help me find out the location, parties attending, and time for my meeting, please. "
What time is dinner and who is going?
Find me a parking garage around me. 
Are there chinese restaurants nearby
remind me to swim tomorrow
I need a reminder for a yoga activity at 7 pm on Thursday with Jeff.
Will it be overcast in Cleveland on Sunday?
is it going to snow in the next week
when is my next dentist appointment
can you please take me to a coffee house
give me directions to the nearest grocery store
"Can you set my schedule for a dentist appointment at 10 am, the 15th of this month with Jon?"
what's the weekly forecast for cleveland
remind me that i have a laboratory appointment at 4:45
is it cloudy in the next 7 days
Set a reminder for tennis next month on the 13th at 6pm with my aunt.
Car is there any shopping center nearby? Please show me a quick route to reach too!
add the football game to my calendar
schedule dentist appointment
Please give me the address and directions via a route with no traffic to the nearest pizza restaurant. 
Schedule Yoga with Marie at 4pm on the 5th of this month
update me on the weekly weather forecast for this week
Locate any hospitals in the area.
"I need you to remind me of my football activity at 3pm, Saturday with Ana. "
"Set a schedule for dinner at 2pm, Sunday with mother."
Car I need to go to a shopping center: is there any around me?
What is the date and time of my next lab appointment.
what day is the meeting in the conference room
What is the date and time of my optometrist appointment?
When is my optometrist appointment and who is attending?
will it rain anytime in the next week
Will it be overcast today in Grand Rapids?
what is the weather going to be today and tomorrow
what is the weather like today and tomorrow
give me directions to a coffee place
Set a reminder for optometrist appointment on the 15th at 6PM with Marie.
remind me to watch football on sunday
how hot is it going to be this week
"Car I desire to eat Chinese today, please pick a restaurant within 5 miles and avoid all heavy traffic"
I need the quickest route to the hospital. 
Schedule a doctor appointment and my sister is coming along. 
which days are rain forecasted
"Car I wanna get home: we should be within 4 miles from it, please pick the shortest distance"
what's the temperature going to be this week
Will it be humid in San Jose next week?
schedule reminder for tennis practice on the 12th of next month
What day and time do I need to take my meds?
will it rain anytime in the next week
What date is the football game and who is attending? 
When is my dentist appointment and who is attending?
set a reminder to go to conference room 104 the meeting on the 12th
Car I need a parking garage!
Please give me the address and directions via a route with no traffic to a rest stop within 2 miles. 
Schedule a dentist appointment with Jeff for next Wednesday at 1pm.
will it rain next week
Set a reminder for a swimming activity at 7 pm Wednesday with my sister.
What is the time and location of my next meeting and who will be attending?
I need a reminder for taking my medicine on August 14th at 7 pm with brother. 
find out if it's supposed to rain
find me a nearby shopping mall shopping center
What time is my football activity and with who?
set a reminder to see my dentist at 12 pm tomorrow
On Saturday in camarillo will it be cloudy?
show me directions to the nearest grocery store
i am doing yoga with my brother Wednesday
i need directions to a grocery store
Schedule an optometrist appointment at 2 pm with Jon.
please give me directions to the nearest starbucks
Will it be foggy in brentwood on friday?
remind me to check for the laboratory results tomorrow
please make an appointment on tuesday for me to see the doctor
bring me to the nearest grocery store
what is the weather for the next 7 days
I need a reminder for my doctor appointment on the 1st at 2 pm with Ana. 
Schedule a meeting with the infrastructure team to go over budget on Thursday at 5pm.
how many hotels are around here
give me directions to the nearest parking garage
where's the closest place to park
When is my doctor's appointment?
take me to the nearest hotel
what is the forecast for the city this week
what is the weather like today
what time is my appointment today
what time is my meeting
give me the date and time of my dentist appointment
give me directions to the nearest place to get to eat
Where can I get tea?
How is the weather this week in Inglewood?
what is the temperature going to be like this week
"Get my home address that is near my location,"
What is my address?
Is there going to be hail in Los Angeles this weekend?
what is the weather forecast for the upcoming week
Schedule dinner with Martha later this week at 11am.
In Boston is it currently misty?
take me to the nearest chinese restaurant
I need to find the fastest route to the nearest gas station. 
is it going to be raining this weekend
What is my address?
Please remind me I'm going to a swimming party at 5 pm on July 7th with Martha
Where is the parking garage in the area?
Looking at the weekly forecast will in snow in los angeles?
I need a gas station with the least amount of traffic.
what will the weather be like tomorrow
what's the current temperature outside
What will the high temperature be for Los Angeles? 
find nearest coffee shop
What is my home address?
what is today's weather forecast
when is my next yoga class scheduled
Is it going to be hot in Grand Rapids on Thursday?
Schedule a reminder to take medicine with my aunt on the 10th at 1pm.
Where can I get Chinese food?
"On what date is my conference? What is it about, and who will be there?"
what day is the football game
Where can I get gas?
what is the forecast for today's weather
what's the forecast report
Car I need a gas station within 5 miles
This weekend will there be any drizzle in los angeles?
I need to schedule a conference. 
Schedule a yoga activity at 5 pm Wednesday with Ana. 
is it supposed to rain this week
What time is my optometrist appointment and who is attending?
Can you tell me who's attending my next tennis activity? Also the date? 
Where is the nearest hospital?
Find the address to my home in the local area.
what is the date location and time of my next conference
check weather forecast for seattle
Where can I find a rest stop?
find route to the hospital
what is the weather for next week
What is the date of my next lab appointment and who will be attending it?
in which day do i have doctor's appointment
schedule a meeting for 2 pm
Who is going to my optometrist appointment and what time is it?
Is there a Whole Foods here?
What is the date of my swimming activity and who is attending?
remind me about that meeting later
set a date for the next tennis match
Will it be warm in Cleveland next week?
set an appointment for swimming
what time is my meeting today
Will it be misty in Los Angeles today?
Will there be cloudy weather in Atherton in the next 7 days?
Car I'm desiring to have pizza!
Will it be frost during the weekend in Boston?
"What is the date, time, and agenda for my next conference? "
give me a quick route to a grocery store
set alarm for dinner tonight
check today's weather
Where does my friend live?
which days are rain forecasted
what's the weather going to be like for this week
When is my lab appointment?
What is today's forecast in San Francisco?
schedule meeting
can you tell me what day and what the agenda is for the business meeting i have in the 100 conference room
Please set a reminder that I have a conference call with the VP on August 14th at 6pm.
Schedule me a lab appointment at 2pm with Marie.
Look up brentwood and find out if it will drizzle on sunday?
is it going to snow in the next week
Check to see if it will be cloudy in mountain view this saturday
Look in mountain view and tell me if there will be hail this weekend
Will it hail in Danville today and tomorrow?
what is the weather like in boston
What time and date do you have for my football activity?
What day is my optometrist appointment  and with who?
Tomorrow I'm going to go in Inglewood: will I find clear skies there?
what will the temperature be for the next week
I need the address to a parking garage. 
Where can I get tea?
update me on the weekly weather forecast for this week
what's the temperature going to be this week
Find out the parties that are attending my football activity. Also find the time. 
is it supposed to snow today
how cloudy is it going to be for the next week
Where can I get pizza?
when is my next dental appointment
Please give me the address and directions by a route with no traffic to a pizza restaurant near me. 
is it going to rain this week
put on my calendar that i need to get my lab results this thursday at 3:30
What time is my lab appointment and who is attending?
Please give me an address and directions via the fastest route to a shopping center. 
Schedule an optometrist appointment 
what's the weather going to be today and also what is the weather going to be this week
can you give me directions to the grocery store
"I'd like the address to a friend who lives close to where I am, with directions for the fastest route possible."
What types of pizza can I get around here
"Car I need to get to my friends house, it should be around here: could you please show on the map the fastest road to get there?"
Can you find me a nearby shopping center?
Schedule dinner with my sister please. 
what time is my swimming lessons this afternoon
reminder of a doctor's appointment at the end of march
"Where is the meeting and when is it, also who is attending?"
Will there be dew in Danville today?
What is the lowest temperature in Oakland right now?
Is it gonna be humid in Grand Rapids on Wednesday?
Set reminder for dinner on Thursday at 2 pm with mother. 
Find the closest parking garage.
I need to find out the time and date for my tennis activity. 
schedule a meeting for monday the 1st
What is my address?
navigate to nearest chinese food place
when is the next cloudy day
Will it be misty in compton the next seven days?
when is my optometrist's appointment on the 12th
Tell me if it will be cloudy in menlo park tomorrow
What is the weather forecast in Los Angeles over the next few days?
give me directions to my house
"Can you set my calendar for Football activity at 1pm, the 4th, with Tom?"
what is the weather like for tomorrow night
What is the time and date of my doctors appointment?
find me a nearby coffee shop specifically starbucks
where's the closest place to park
"How many people are attending the tennis party, and at what time?"
take me home
next doctor's appointment
navigate to my friend's home please
When is my tennis activity?
Will there be hail in the forecast for Oakland next week?
put my doctor's appointment on my calendar
find the closest starbucks
What date and location is my conference and who is going to be attending?
when is my lab appointment
what is the weather supposed to be like for the next week
Get me the address to a hospital that is no more than 2 miles away.
does the local forecasts say it'll be cloudy
give me directions to the nearest shopping center
check the date and time of my doctor's appointment
i need directions to a grocery store
when am i supposed to swim tomorrow
is it going to be overcast or cloudy at all any day this week
how long to the nearest grocery store
find directions to home
"Car I need to rest in a hotel, please send me the quickest option available"
What is my home address?
is it going to be raining this weekend
What shopping centers are around me?
Remind me about my optometrist appointment at 11am on Monday the 1st with Jeff
Who is attending my dentist appointment and when is it?
Car I need to reach my friends house in this local area: pick the route with the shortest distance too please
Where can I get Chinese food?
i need directions to my house and avoid all heavy traffic
what's the temperature
directions to the grocery store
Is it gonna be cloudy in New York today and tomorrow?
how's the weather in new york
"Car I need a parking garage in the area, pick a quick route too"
Is there a parking garage around here? 
What is my home adddress?
Is it gonna frost today in Cleveland?
What is the date and time for the meeting and what is the agenda?
Where is a nearby parking garage?
i have to go grocery shopping can you give me directions to the nearest grocery store
Find home address for me within 4 miles.
Which one will be the lowest temperature in Danville during the next week?
where are the nearest coffee shops
what time is my doctor appointment
what's the temperature
I need the fastest route to the hospital.
Car I wanna do shopping: is there any shopping center near my current location?
What time and date is my doctor appointment?
Where can I get pizza?
I need information about my conference. 
When is the next yoga lesson and who is coming with me?
What is the date and time for my yoga activity?
is it going to snow in the next week
schedule of yoga class
quickest route home
what is the weather like right now
"How far away from home am I, i need to the route with the shortest distance and the address"
What is the date and location of my meeting and who is attending?
take me to a chinese restaurant
give me directions to a coffee shop
Where is a hospital within 4 miles?
where's the nearest place to get a hot cup of tea
"I think I have a friend who lives around here, what is their address, and find me the quickest route there"
what is the chance of rain next week
need directions to the nearest hotel
What time is swimming and who is coming with me?
find a tea shop
find me somewhere to park
find the nearest shopping mall
will it rain next week
will it be raining in the next 7 days
Quickly find me the closest chinese restaurant to my location.
what will the temperature be for the next week
Schedule a swimming activity with Marie on the 5th at 10am.
car what is the weather going to be like in the next several days
Where can I get coffee?
what is the weather like in boston
is it going to be cloudy in the next 7 days
take me to the nearest cafe
set reminder for yoga class on the 12th of this month
is it raining today
Where is the nearest pizza place?
Remind me to go to the optometrist at 5pm today with my father.
check the weather
Set an event for football game this week at 5pm with my brother. 
What day is my meeting? 
is there snow in the forecast for the week
Will it be snowing in Mount View over the next 2 days?
Will it be foggy in Carson over the weekend? 
Is it going to drizzle in Boston this week?
What is the date of my lab appointment and who will be attending it?
add my dentist appointment to the calendar
What people have sent an RSVP or responded for the party so far? What time will the party begin? What activities are on the agenda for the party?
search for nearby cafe
I need to schedule a lab appointment. 
will it be cloudy
is there dew on the weekend
is it going to snow any this week
What is the location and agenda of my next meeting and who will be attending?
directions to the grocery store
can i get the two day weather report
what time is my meeting scheduled
give me the weekly weather forecast
What gas stations are near?
Is it raining in Fresno now?
Is it being frost today in San Jose?
what are the directions to the mall
What is the date and time of my next dentist appointment?
i'm taking medicine on the 7th
Where can I get tea?
"Please give me the address and directions to my friend's house within 5 miles of here, avoiding all heavy traffic. "
What's the lowest temperature in redwood city this week?
"Im heading home, what is the address and find me the quickest route with no traffic"
what's the weather like today
"I need a grocery store near me, with no traffic."
When is my swimming activity and who is attending?
Schedule a swimming activity with my brother on August 22nd at 2pm.
get me the weather forecast for the next 7 days
remind me i have a doctors appointment on the 12th at 5 pm
look for parking
Over the next few days in camarillo will there be any rain?
Find me the closest parking garage.
give me directions home
take me to the parking garage closest to my destination
tell me what the weather will be like tomorrow
On what day will be the lowest temperature this weekend in compton?
what's the temperature outside like today
Please add my optometrist appointment to my schedule for August 3rd.
What time is my meeting and at what location?
Will it drizzle in San Mateo this weekend?
What is the address of my friends house?
take me to the nearest chinese restaurant
is there any traffic on the route home
show me the direction to the closest mall
i need to schedule a doctor's appointment
What is the date of my lab appointment and who is coming with me .
Who is going with me to the lab appointment and what day is it?
is it going to be hot on friday
confirm that the meeting for the 12th this month is on at approximately 5 pm
get me directions to the nearest coffee shop
tell me the weather forecast for this week
check weather for new york city
give me the forecast for the next 7 days
set an appointment to get shots next week
Remind me about dinner at 6 pm with my brother
Where is a rest stop within 5 miles?
What is the 48 hour forecast for oakland?
Is it gonna rain during the next week in Boston?
"Hello car, can you schedule a conference for 4pm, this month on the 11th with HR?"
Can you find me a chinese restaurant within 4 miles?
Schedule a swimming activity at 11am today with my father.
I need groceries.
find me a nearby coffee shop specifically starbucks
set a reminder for tennis
set reminder for yoga class on the 12th of this month
"Can you schedule a doctor appointment at 10 am, Monday the 1st, with Martha?"
tell me when my next tennis game is
When is taking medicine scheduled and who is attending?
Set a schedule for playing tennis with Marie
what is the temperature
"Can you schedule a reminder for my football activity at 7pm the 8th, with Martha? "
Can you tell me what time my next doctor's appointment is and if anyone is joining me?
find the nearest parking garage
is it going to snow next week
Schedule a doctor Appointment. 
what's the forecast going to be for today and tomorrow
There will be any overcast in Oakland on next weekend?
what's the weather going to be like this week
Where can I get groceries?
navigate to the closest restaurant
I need to find out the date and whoever is attending my lab appointment. 
When is yoga and who is attending?
Is it supposed to drizzle in danville this thursday?
Where can I go shopping?
Please give me the high temperature for New York for the next seven days. 
get directions to the nearest parking garage
what is the temperature outside
is it raining today
Is it raining in Brentwood now?
i need to take medicine on sunday
Where can I get gas?
What's the time and date for the soonest yoga session?
When are we getting together for football? And who's coming?
Where does my friend live?
"Car I need to get to the nearest shopping center, and I need the fastest route."
what's the weather like on my drive today
remind me of my doctors appointment on the 8th at 2 pm
what's the weather like today and tomorrow
What grocery stores are around?
i would like to schedule a meeting on the 12th what is my agenda for that day
What time is my tennis activity and who is attending?
"Good morning car, I'd like to schedule a conference at 7pm, next Wednesday with HR please. "
what is the temperature outside
Schedule a football activity at 10 am on the 29th with my aunt.
what is the weather forecast for the upcoming week
Find me a coffee shop that is closest to my location.
What is the date of my next doctor appointment and who will be attending?
Set a reminder for yoga activity at 5 pm on Thursday with mother. 
is it going to rain today
find me the nearest grocery store
Where can I get pizza?
when do i have dinner planned for
when is my next conference
what is the weather like today in tomorrow
what is the weather forecast for the next 7 days
"Hi car, can you find out the time and the parties involved for my Yoga activity? Thanks. "
What is the date and time of my next tennis activity?
find the closest parking lots to me please
Where are the pizza places around here?
please give me a list of hotels that are near me in the direction
Quickest route to home please.
will i be able to make it to my meeting on time
set reminder for eye doctor appointment on the 12th at 3 pm
Car please show me my home in the map and pick a route with no traffic
Can you find me the fastest route to a parking garage?
what's the forecast for today
where's the nearest place to get a hot cup of tea
what's the forecast for the weather today
Please look up the date and time of my swimming activity.
"Car I need a hotel, please pick the fastest place to reach"
Will it be any blizzard on Sunday in Alhambra?
What parties am I attending and what are the dates and times?
"What is the location, date, and agenda of my meeting?"
give me the closest fast food restaurant
What time is my medicine and who is involved? 
Schedule a football game on tuesday at 6pm with Marie
give me weather forecast for today
what is today's forecast
what's the weather like on my drive today
Quickest route to my friends house.
check weather forecast for seattle
car set up appointment for the 12th for my doctor on the calendar
directions to the parking garage
Schedule a meeting with HR for 1PM Tuesday to onboard new members.
I need groceries.
can you give me directions to a fast food place that serves pizza
Set a reminder for my tennis match with my aunt on the 12th of this month at 9am.
Where are there rest stops?
what's on the agenda for today's meeting
What day and time is my swimming activity?
Find me the fastest route home and the address 
I need the quickest route to a shopping center. 
Could you tell me what day and time my meeting is on? 
you tell me if the forecast for the next week calls for it to be above 86 degrees on any day
Schedule a swimming activity with Jon on Thursday at 4 pm.
bring me to the nearest starbucks
i need directions to a local fast food restaurant please
tell me all the events and meetings scheduled on my calendar for today
check forecast for today and tomorrow
what's the weekly forecast for cleveland
Please schedule me an optometrist appointment at 2pm this week with Jon.
"Car please bring me to my friends house, it should be near me"
i have a meeting tomorrow at 5 pm remind me 10 minutes before hand and attach my agenda to the calendar at 3
how hot is it going to be this week
Will there be drizzle in Oakland tomorrow?
Will there be a blizzard in Seattle over the next 7 days?
what is the forecast for the rest of the day
is it raining next week
what is the weather like in the city
i have an optometrist appointment the 7th at 3pm
what is the weather like in the city
What will the temperature in Redwood City be for the next 7 day period?
find me all the nearest hotels
what's on the agenda for today's meeting
what day is the meeting in the conference room
Find me Chinese food.
what's the weather like this week
I need a reminder set for my lab appointment at 5pm today. Jeff is joining. 
check the weather forecast
is there a chance of snow in this weeks weather forecast
start listening what will be the weather for the week
can you set a reminder that i have a dinner at 7pm with Marie
give me directions to the nearest coffee place
Set a reminder for dinner at 9am next Wednesday with mother
what's the weather forecast for today and tomorrow
"Car I'd like to have some coffee, please show me the closest cafe"
what's the weekly forecast
schedule a meeting for monday the 1st
take me to the nearest hospital
check the date and time for my swim lesson
What is the date of my optometrist appointment and who will be attending it?
can you give me the weather this week for new york city
take me to the nearest shopping center
Where does my friend live?
get me the time of the doctor's appointment
Where is the nearest parking garage?
Can you tell me if Carson is going to be cloudy this weekend?
Is there a Philz here?
When and where is my conference and who is attending?
Where is the nearby grocery store?
what is the local weather forecast for this week
What is the date and time i should take my medicine?
Please remind me to take my medicine at 7 pm today with my mother.
What day are the football parties I'm going to?
Is it going to rain in New York next week?
I'm really in need of coffee: is there anything with no traffic between my coffee and me?
schedule meeting
Schedule tennis for 10am on the tenth with Tom
Schedule  a reminder that I have an optometrist appointment at 4 PM with Alex next month on the 13th.
Find me a gas station and the quickest way there
Schedule a conference at 1 pm with management. 
need directions to the nearest hotel
What's the shortest distance to the nearest rest stop?
Will it be dry in carson on thursday?
"Remind me about going swimming on the 7th with dad, at 2 pm"
navigate to the nearest mall
set a meeting in the conference room 100
Schedule a tennis activity for 3 pm on Saturday with my father.
give me the full weekly weather forecast
take me to the closest parking
where's parking
Is it gonna be humid in San Jose on the next week?
I need information about my yoga. 
Will it be windy in Cleveland Thursday?
where's the nearest shopping mall
what is the forecast in my city
Will the weather be overcast in Atherton over the next 7 days?
What are the directions for the nearest shopping center without traffic?
tell me the temperature for this week
set a reminder for the conference
find nearest chinese restaurant
when is the meeting
tell me when my dinner reservations are scheduled for
I want pizza.
can you give me directions to the grocery store
is it going to snow any this week
remind me that i have a meeting tomorrow
Car I want to do some shopping in some local shopping center: is there any nearby?
Set a reminder for a meeting to sign the NDA on the 7th at 2pm with the vice president 
set reminder for yoga classes on the 12th of this month
Tell me when i'm going swimming
Schedule a tennis activity with Alex on the 13th at 11am.
what time is my yoga appointment
What time is my football activity and who is attending?
show me the weather for the next 7 days
what is the weather for today
Find a chinese take-out spot near my location.
what is the weather forecast like in the city
get directions to the nearest hotel
check out my appointment
find out what time my eye doctor appointment is
tell me how to get to shopping mall
Will it be misty in Alhambra on Monday?
Is there going to be dew in San Francisco on Thursday?
give me this week's high temperature
what's the weather like
Get me the home address of my friend that is the closest to my location.
Schedule an optometrist appointment next Friday at 4 pm with Tom
when am i taking my medicine
Find me a hospital with the least amount of traffic on the way.
what is the date and time of the meeting
Check and see if it will be humid in Inglewood on Tuesday
what's the weather like in downtown chicago
Set a reminder for the 15th at 6pm. Conference with the executive team. 
"Schedule a meeting at 4pm today, with the boss, to discuss dress code"
can you give me the weather this week for new york city
"Please schedule a dentist appointment at 3pm the 7th, with aunt."
get directions to the nearest parking garage
Will it hail in Menlo Park on Monday?
I want coffee.
Will there be rain in the forecast for Cleveland for the next 7 days?
Where do I live?
What time is my next football activity and who will be attending?
how long to the nearest grocery store
Can you look up the what time my football game is this week?
i need to schedule a conference room
show me nearby parking
Where can I eat pizza?
i'm looking for a place to eat can you show me directions to the nearest fast food restaurant
is there any rain in the local forecast
"I need to find out the date and time of my Dentist appointment, please. "
check the weather for today
remind me about meeting later
Please give the address and directions via the fastest route to a hospital. 
Where is my home?
What is the current high temperature in Atherton? 
Schedule a dentist appointment with Ana for the 15th of this month at 2pm.
find weekly weather forecast
what time is my yoga appointment
please tell me about the time and date my next meeting is scheduled for and what i hope to accomplish it
where's parking
Where can I get groceries?
is snow forecasted this week
Set a reminder for tennis at 2 pm with Tom next month on the 13th.
where is the nearest grocery store
I need to go home and avoid the heavy traffic. 
what's the temperature going to be this week
show me directions to the nearest starbucks
Schedule a meeting for 6 pm with HR
add tennis on wednesday at 5 to my calendar
What time do I need to take my medicine? 
Set a reminder for dentist appointment at 5 pm on the 2nd with Ana. 
Find out the date and time for my Swimming activity. 
find me a place where i can buy coffee or tea
Get the address to my home that is within 3 miles and hurry.
Who is attending my swimming activity and when is it?
find me a place i can go to sit and drink coffee or tea
Any chinese restaurant around me?
Schedule a football activity with Martha on Sunday at 4pm.
is it supposed to rain this week
give me the 7 day weather forecast
What is the time and date for my yoga activity?
Will it be foggy in Seattle today and tomorrow?
"What time is my meeting, what is the agenda, and who is going?"
find me the best parking spot
Please guide me to the closest parking garage. 
"Car I need a hotel, please find something near my current location"
What day and time is my football activity?
What is the date and time of my next swimming activity?
set a reminder for doctor's appointment
is it going to snow this week
remind me about dinner tonight
what is the weather like today and tomorrow
let me know if there will be snow and ice in the next week's forecast
Where can I get gas?
what's the weather like today
Look at today and tomorrow and tell me if it will be cloudy in compton
Where can I get Chinese food?
Locate a parking garage around my current location.
is it going to snow today
Schedule a yoga activity with my father on the 3rd at 3 pm.
Set a reminder that I have a lab appointment with my aunt next Wednesday at 1pm
check weather
Check to see if it will be windy in brentwood the next few days
car what is the date and time of my next appointment with my optometrist
I need a no traffic route to a rest stop. 
i feel like some coffee where's the nearest place
what's the weather like today and tomorrow
Set a reminder for a conference with vice president at 3 pm on Saturday. 
Will it be cloudy in Oakland this week?
what is the weather like today
Is there any stormy weather predicted in Corona over the next 48 hours?
Find out the parties attending and the time for my soonest lab appointment. 
"Car my home should be around here, please send me the info on screen, I must be a little drunk.."
Please give me the address and directions to my friend's house by the fastest possible route without heavy traffic.
what is the weather for next week
will it be cloudy this week
set up a group meeting at the conference room for next week
start listening what will be the weather for the week
Where can I find a rest stop?
will it be cloudy
Please give me the address and directions via the shortest distance to a rest stop around here. 
Schedule a conference with the sales team on the 6th at 9am.
How is the weather this week
get me directions to the nearest shopping mall
"Please give me the address and directions for a hotel within 4 miles of here, avoiding all heavy traffic. "
i need to set up a reminder to go to the dentist
set a reminder for the conference
is it going to be cloudy this week
set a reminder for my yoga class at 10 in the morning tomorrow
what is the weather going to be like tomorrow show me the 7 day forecast
confirm that the meeting for the 12th this month is on at approximately 5 pm
will i be able to make it to my meeting on time
What is the highest temperature in San Jose on Thursday?
I need a reminder set for football activity on August 22th at 5 pm with Jeff. 
"please set a conference reminder. I need it at 10 am, the tenth, with my vice president. "
I need a quick route to a gas station. 
Please schedule my yoga class at 1pm on Thursday with Jon.
what's the weather forecast in new york
Can you find out the date and parties attending for my tennis activity? 
what's the forecast for the weather today
Find the nearest gas station near my currently location.
what's the weather going to be like today
what is the weather like in new york this week
What's the forecast in Carson for this weekend?
Is it gonna rain in Manhattan today and tomorrow?
navigate to my friend's home please
when and where is my next meeting
I have a doctor appointment next month on the 13th at 11 am with Tom. Please set a reminder. 
tell me the weather for this week
schedule a meeting for 2 pm
Set a reminder for an optometrist appointment with jeff later this week at 3pm
Schedule a optometrist appointment with Tom today at 7pm.
what's the forecast report
will it be cloudy this week
what is the weather for today
please give me directions to the nearest starbucks
check calendar for when my doctor's appointment is
What's the quickest route to the hospital?
make a note to find a restaurant to eat at at 5 pm on the 12th
i would like to schedule a meeting on the 12th what is my agenda for that day
what's the weather forecast going to be for each day this upcoming week is it going to snow
Will it be warm on Sunday in Alameda?
will it snow this week
Where can I get Chinese food?
show the route to my friend's house
is it raining next week
is it going to rain sometime this week
I need to schedule a lab appointment. 
What date is my tennis activity and who is attending?
take me to my friend's house
Where can I get groceries?
how do i get to the nearest restaurant
Set a reminder for dinner at 5pm on the 6th with Jeff.
Schedule a swimming activity at 9am on August 22nd with Ana.
Is it overcast now in Grand Rapids?
"I want to do some shopping. Direct me to a mall, but in a way that avoids all traffic. "
"Remind me about a optometrist appointment on Tuesday at 2 pm, my sister will be coming"
Locate a place that serves pizza.
Car find me a grocery store within 2 miles from my location with the shortest distance.
Where does my friend live?
Which one is gonna be the lowest temperature today in New York?
who is coming to my doctor appointment with me?
I need the fastest route home. 
tell me the weather forecast for this week
directions to local hotel
will it rain this week
how's the weather in new york
Car I need a gas station!
what's the weather forecast for the next week
look for parking
Where can I get Chinese food?
i need to know if it will be cloudy in san jose over the next seven days
What time is dinner and who is coming?
what's the weather going to be like today and tomorrow
"Car I need to fill your gas, please show me a gas station near me in the direction we're actually driving"
Find a chinese joint that is within 3 miles of my location.
what will the weather be like in the city
what's the weather like in grand rapids
What is the address of  my friend's house?
What is the highest temperature in Manhattan in the next 2 days?
find out when my next conferences
give me directions to 5677 southwest 4th street
is there a chance of snow in this weeks weather forecast
Get me the address to the closest gas station.
get me the weather forecast for the next 7 days
Will it be warm in Brentwood tomorrow?
What day and at what time do I take my medicine?
can you check the time and date of my dinner?
"I need you to set a schedule for a meeting at 3pm, the 5th with vice president to onboard new members"
add meeting in conference room 102 the calendar
Set a reminder for dinner at 1pm on the 10th with my father. 
What time is my optometrist appointment and who will be attending it?
Please give me an address and directions by the fastest route with no traffic to a chinese restaurant. 
Reminder for optometrist. 
what's the weather like
What time is my doctor appointment and who is attending with me?
"Good evening car, Set a reminder about a swimming activity at 3pm, December 10th with aunt, set it for 1pm."
what time should i get my shot this afternoon
"Set a schedule for a meeting at 5pm, 6th of this month with HR to sign the NDA."
Will it be clear in San Mateo on Wednesday?
can you please take me to a coffee house
what's the temperature outside like today
car is it going to snow today
how warm is it outside right now
Will it be dry in Durham on Sunday? 
I am hungry. Where is there some Chinese food close by? 
what are the directions to the nearest hospital
Please give me an address and directions via the quickest route to a parking garage near me. 
give me directions to a coffee shop
What grocery stores are around?
What Chinese food options are there?
remind me about my son's football practice at 2 tomorrow
set a reminder about my swim meet next wednesday at 3 pm
Is it raining in grand rapids currently?
I need to find a gas station that fast to get to.
what's the weather forecast going to be for each day this upcoming week is it going to snow
What is the date and time of my next football activity? 
check to see if i have any meetings or conferences in the near future
car what is the temperature going to be today and tomorrow
Car I'd like to eat in a pizza restaurant: which one is the nearest?
What is the date of my next dentist appointment and who will be attending it with me?
car what is the temperature going to be today and tomorrow
"Car, schedule a reminder for a doctor's appointment at 4pm, the 7th with Tom. "
"Remind me to take my medicine with Ana at 2pm, august 3."
show me directions to the nearest mall
Is it supposed to rain in brentwood today or tomorrow?
what's the temperature outside like today
what is the weather forecast for the next 7 days
what is the weather like this week
get me directions to a local cafe
Car I need to get to a gas station: is there any around me?
get me directions to the grocery store
what's the weather supposed to be like in new york city on Monday
is it going to snow any this week
what is the weather next week in new york
find directions to home
which day is my appointment on
Set a reminder for swimming on the 1st at 5pm with Martha
is it going to rain in the next few days tell me when
Please tell me what dates my football events are.
find the nearest hotel
give me directions to my friends house
put a reminder in my calendar for tomorrow at 5 pm meeting
I'm looking for a place where i can have some coffee.
Can you find me a shopping center?
give me directions to the grocery store
give me directions to the nearest place where i can have a cup of tea
check the weather for chances of snow
Who is attending the swimming event and when is it?
will it be cloudy this week
which days will be cloudy this week
what's the seven day forecast for new york city
Find me a route with no traffic to the hospital. 
Find the quickest way to my friends house around here
Schedule a meeting with the vice president to discuss the company picnic on Sunday at 2pm.
how many hotels are around here
Schedule a doctor appointment with Alex for the 29th at 11am.
directions to nearest barista
find some places downtown where i can park
where is the nearest grocery store
what is the forecast for today and tomorrow
"Dinner, what time and date?"
set up a group meeting at the conference room for next week
what time is my yoga class
please tell me the weather for today and what the weather will be tomorrow
Set a reminder for a doctors appointment on the 4th at 3pm with Jon
will it be raining in the next 7 days
What is the date and time for my dentist appointment?
Where can I get Chinese food?
what is the weather is it going to rain
is it snowing next week
Will it be misty in San Jose today and tomorrow?
when is my next dentist appointment
is it cloudy today
Is it gonna be hot in Danville during the week?
car please show the possible routes to get home
Will it be overcast in New York during the week?
is it going to be overcast or cloudy at all any day this week
find me parking garages
navigate to the nearest hotel
what time is my next workout?
set doctor's appointment for next week
Will it be cloudy in Boston on Monday?
what is the forecast for new york city
Car I need a pizza restaurant to satisfy my hunger: is there any in the area?
what is the forecast for today and tomorrow
Can you find me the nearest pizza restaurant?
what's the forecast for today
Looking for the day and people attending my lab appointment. 
can you schedule in my dentist appointment today
please tell me the weather for today and tomorrow
"I need you to schedule a reminder to take my medicine at 7 pm. Mark it on the 1st, with Ana. Please. "
start listening what will be the weather for the week
Get me the address to a shopping mall near me.
What is the forecast for Alhambra in the next few days?
can you tell me where the nearest rest stop is
Will it be humid in Manhattan today and tomorrow?
when is my next appointment
check weather forecast for seattle
take me to the closest whole foods place i can buy groceries
i'd love to go shopping are there any malls nearby
Schedule a optometrist appointment with my sister next week at 10am.
tomorrow's forecast
give me directions to the local starbucks
I need a rest stop.
"When is yoga, and who is going?"
find out if it's supposed to rain
"Car I need to get to a gas station, is there any local one?"
i need directions to the restaurant
Schedule a meeting on the 2nd at 3 pm with the infrastructure team to go over quarterly reports. 
what is the weather next week
show me the nearby hospital
what is the temperature outside
What date is my optometrist appointment and what parties are attending?
where's the nearest place to get lunch
Locate my friend's current address for me.
what's the temperature going to be like this week
what time is my swimming lessons scheduled
Find my home address near my location.
"Give me the address and directions by the route with no traffic to home, please. "
show me this week's forecast
Find out if it is misty in seattle today.
Find a coffee shop near my location.
find me a nearby coffee shop where i can sit and have some coffee
will it rain this week
what will the weather be like in the city
What time is my next yoga activity and who will be attending?
Where is a rest stop within 5 miles?
Please give me the address and directions via a route with no traffic to a nearby grocery store. 
Is it misty in San Francisco now?
what's the weekly forecast for cleveland
will it rain anytime in the next week
what's today's and tomorrow's forecast
Find me a gas station i could get to the quickest.
What is the date and time of my next tennis activity?
Car please send me the address of some hotel in the area
I need a hospital within 5 miles of me and the quickest route please.
show me the nearest starbucks
what's the weather going to be like in the city on thursday
i'm taking medicine at 7pm with Marie
navigate to the nearest place to get coffee
Reminder to take medicine. 
tell me the weather for this week
can you tell me what day and what the agenda is for the business meeting i have in the 100 conference room
is there snow in the forecast for the week
take me to a fast food restaurant
what time is the meeting
I need to set a reminder for dinner. 
Get the address to a chinese restaurant that i could get to the quickest.
directions to local cafe
On monday will there be a blizzard in boston?
give me directions to the nearest starbucks
Where is the nearest rest stop?
"I'm kind of hungry, locate a pizza shop."
i know what time my doctor's appointment is
"Please give me the address and directions to the nearest parking garage, avoiding all heavy traffic. "
check the weather
What is the address for home? 
take me to a place where i can get some hot tea
what route can i take home to avoid traffic
is snow forecasted this week
Will there be drizzle in Camarillo this week?
what is the weather
what is the weather forecast like in the city
"Schedule a conference at 4pm, on the 1st, with HR"
Schedule a dentist appointment on the 8th at 1 pm with my aunt.
I need the quickest route to a gas station please. 
navigate to my friend's home please
give me the 7 day weather forecast
what time is my doctor appointment
I want tea.
remind me of the time for today's dinner
Will it be hot in Brentwood on Wednesday?
Which one is gonna be the highest temperature tomorrow in Durham?
Schedule a yoga activity with Alex for the 2nd at 1pm.
Schedule a swimming activity with my brother for next Wednesday at 2pm.
please show me the weekly weather report
What date and time is my football activity?
Schedule a reminder for a doctor appointment with my father on August 22nd at 10am
tomorrow's forecast
Look up the seven day forecast in Redwood City and find out if it will be foggy at all.
when will my lab results be in
what is the temperature
bring me to the nearest grocery store
can i get the two day weather report
What is the low today in Brentwood?
will there be drizzle on tuesday
set reminder to make doctor's appointment
What time does my next dinner gathering start and who will be attending?
what is the forecast in my city
what time is the football game
Hello car. Hi I want to find out the time and the parties attending my lab appointment please. 
Find me a gas station that i could get to with the least amount of traffic.
find me the nearest grocery store
please check the weather for this week
find what time my lab appointment is for
show me the nearby hospital
Local chinese restaurant is needed pronto.
"I need to find a hospital quickly, without any heavy traffic"
when's my next scheduled yoga class
quickest route home
i know what time my doctor's appointment is
directions to the nearest grocery store
what's the weather like
Is there a hospital within 5 miles?
how do i get to the nearest restaurant
what's the weather like this week
What day is the football activity and who is coming?
What time is my next dinner and who will be attending it?
what is the weather
find the closest parking lots to me please
Will it be overcast in Alameda on Monday?
How will it be the weather forecast for the next two days in Exeter?
What is the date and time of my next yoga activity?
it's going to be raining so i have to drive slow
"Car, find the address for the grocery store, I need the details of location like the closest one with route details, shortest distance please."
Will there be a blizzard in seattle this week?
what is the weather for next week
Will it be foggy in Carson on Saturday?
what's the highest temperature for this week
Will it be stormy in Carson on Sunday?
Fastest route to the grocery store. 
insert reminder to take my pills in the calendar
tell me when is my next meeting and who are invited in the meeting and what are the agenda of the next meeting
give me directions to the nearest grocery store
What time is my next football activity and who will be attending?
give me directions to my house
"Where is my conference, what is it about, and what day is it."
tell me the best route to get home with the least amount of traffic
Are there any Chinese restaurants here?
what will the temperature be this weekend
Set a reminder for dinner at 3PM on Sunday with my aunt.
"I need a reminder, it's for a swimming activity at 10am, 14th of August, with mother."
please tell me about the time and date my next meeting is scheduled for and what i hope to accomplish it
Schedule a reminder for my yoga class at 7pm on my calendar with Tom.
is the weather cloudy right now
What is the lowest temperature in Compton on Wednesday?
show me the locations of all of the nearby motels
please give me directions to a nearby parking garage parking lot
schedule a new meeting
Where can I get pizza?
What is the date of my next medicine activity and who will be attending?
Is it gonna be stormy in Danville today and tomorrow?
Where can I go shopping?
"Car I need the address of a parking garage near me, please help me!"
please let me know the weather forecast for tomorrow
Where is the local pizza shop at?
Get me the address of a chinese restaurant around this area.
I need a reminder for the dinner later this week. 
I need to find out the time and parties attending for my medicine taking. 
Is there a parking garage around?
Set a reminder for my conference with management later this week at 11 am.
remind me what's planned for the meeting today
find me somewhere to park
Where can I get groceries?
please give directions to the nearest starbucks
What's the weather forecast in San Francisco for the next two days?
what is the weather is it going to rain
what time is my dentist appointment
Remind me about my meeting on the 29th at 4pm with the executive team to onboard new members. 
Could you tell me the weather forecast in Fresno on Saturday?
where is the closest place to eat
Schedule a reminder to take medicine at 2 pm on Monday the 1st with Ana. 
Over the next seven days will it be humid at all in redwood city?
Set a calendar reminder for dinner with my mother at 4pm.
get me the weather report for this week
remind me of my dentist appointment
Give me the fastest route to a rest stop .
August 3rd at 10 am I am going swimming with my brother. 
get me directions to the nearest chinese restaurant
What is the date for my doctor's appointment and who will be attending?
put my eye doctor appointment into the calendar it's tomorrow at 3 pm and remind me 2 hours before
Is it gonna be warm Friday in Alhambra?
"Can you schedule an optometrist appointment at 1pm, Friday, with Martha? "
Where do I live?
"Can you set a reminder for my lab appointment? It needs to be at 5pm, August 22nd, with Martha. "
remind me i have a tennis match on the 12th
"Hi, Can I set a scedule about football at 3 PM next week with Alex?"
what's today's and tomorrow's forecast
how warm is it outside right now
when's my doctor's appointment
remind me to go to the football game on december 12th at 4:50 pm
Is it gonna be misty in San Francisco on Tuesday?
Where can I get some tea?
I need a shopping center within 2 miles.
"Car, what is my home address and can you get us there with no traffic?"
"Hi car, I need to find out the time and date for my dinner please. "
What time is my lab appointment and what parties are attending?
Please confirm the address and give me directions via a route with no traffic to home. 
Schedule a tennis activity at 9 am on Monday August 8th with Ana.
Is it gonna be misty in Corona on Monday?
where's the nearest parking garage
Schedule a conference with management on the 7th at 2pm.
check the weather for today
"What time do I play tennis, and who is coming?"
what's the weather forecast for tomorrow
please give me directions to a nearby parking garage parking lot
Where is the closest rest stop with no traffic? 
Schedule a conference with HR. 
Schedule an appointment at 5PM at the end of March with Tom.
where is the closest place to eat
What is the date and time for my doctor appointment?
what is the weather like today
schedule a blood test
Car my friends' house should be in the area: do you see it on your map?
Set a reminder for lab appointment today at 3 pm with sister. 
find weekly weather forecast
Schedule a reminder for football with Ana on the 15th of this month at 11am.
Will it be stormy in Exeter in the next 7 days?
is it going to snow this week
I need the quickest route to a rest stop. I am so tired.
Find me a place where i could have some coffee.
what's the forecast going to be for today and tomorrow
what time is my doctor's appointment
what is the forecast for the rest of the day
Is the weather warm in Atherton now?
set alarm for dinner tonight
is it going to rain sometime this week
will the weather be cloudy next week
tell me when my doctor's appointment is
what is the forecast in my city
please let me know the weather forecast for tomorrow
Find me a place where i can enjoy some chinese food around here.
when is my optometrist's appointment on the 12th
check the weather for chances of snow
mark on my calendar that i am going to the football game this saturday at 3:30
Get the address to the closest gas station ASAP.
Schedule a reminder to take medicine with my brother this month on the 11th at 3pm.
find starbucks
What time is my tennis match and who is it with? 
Please tell me what time my yoga activity is and who will be attending. 
Tomorrow in inglewood will it be windy?
how cloudy is it going to be for the next week
when's my next scheduled yoga class
Are there clear skies in Grand Rapids now?
What day and time is my dentist appointment?
what's the temperature going to be like on friday
What shopping centers are around?
Get the address to the nearest shopping mall.
find the nearest parking lot
Show me all information regarding my upcoming dentist appointment. 
take me to a fast food restaurant
what day is the football game
Locate a place where i could purchase groceries that is near me.
"Car I'm looking for a pizza restaurant within 4 miles of my actual position, possibly with no traffic"
Take me home. 
what is the weather forecast for the weekend
you tell me if the forecast for the next week calls for it to be above 86 degrees on any day
Please add a yoga activity to my schedule on the 29th at 4pm with Tom.
schedule a doctors appointment on the 12th
i'm looking for a place to eat can you show me directions to the nearest fast food restaurant
What is the time and location of my next conference and who will be attending it?
what's the weather forecast for today and tomorrow
Set a reminder for yoga on the 2nd with father at 5pm
schedule tennis for 4:50 pm on the 12th
"What is the time, location, and agenda of my next conference?"
give me directions to a place to sleep
i have a doctor's appointment to go to at 12 pm
Is it gonna snow during the next week in Atherton?
please tell me the weather for today and what the weather will be tomorrow
Schedule a yoga activity with Alex on August 14th at 1pm.
where is the nearest hotel
navigate to the nearest coffee shop
schedule my eye doctor appointment
What time is my doctors appointment and who is attending?
Schedule a yoga activity at 2pm on the 5th of this month with Alex.
What time is my next swimming activity and who will be attending?
Schedule a reminder for me to take my medicine today with my father at 1pm.
Where is the closest gas station and what are the directions to get there the fastest?
what is the current temperature
Is it gonna be windy in Alameda on Monday?
how hot is it going to be this week
Find the shortest distance to a chinese restaurant nearby
where can i go to eat
directions to nearest barista
navigate fastest route home
I need to schedule a Doctor's appointment. 
Running out of gas. Closest gas station? 
What is the date of my next lab appointment and who will be attending?
What time and date is my conference and what is the agenda?
find out if it's going to be cloudy next week
Set a reminder for me for the meeting next week at 5pm with my boss in which we will go over the budget.
what is the weather like today in tomorrow
what's the weather going to be like for this week
send me to the nearest gas station
Will it be cloudy in New York on Thursday?
"Where and on what day is my meeting, and what is the agenda?"
what is the weather forecast for wednesday through tuesday of next week
give me directions to the nearest coffee place
what is the weather forecast for wednesday through tuesday of next week
let me know if there will be snow and ice in the next week's forecast
Where do I live?
What time and date is my dentist appointment?
"Car I need a parking garage in the area, please find something for me"
what day is my yoga class
find the nearest parking lot
Schedule a meeting with executive team to discuss the company picnic on the 8th at 7 pm
Car I need a quick route to a Hospital in the area
This week in exeter will it be hot?
Is there a rest stop near me?
"What is the date of my meeting, who will be there, and what time does it start?"
what are the directions to the nearest chinese restaurant
what is the forecast for today's weather
Fastest way to get to a nearby coffee place? 
please let me know the weather forecast for tomorrow
I need to find a parking garage with no traffic in the route.
find what time my doctor appointment is for
find me the closest coffee shop on the map
Set a reminder for yoga next month on the 13th at 6pm with my mom.
Is there a parking garage near?
i have a doctor's appointment to get a tooth removed and i have to go
what's the weather like on my drive today
"Car, remind me to take my medicine at 11 am, with Jeff."
Remind me about my optometrist appointment on Thursday with my brother
Set a reminder for me to take my medicine at 10am when I meet with my sister at the end of March.
what is the weather like today and tomorrow
what is the date and time of the meeting
where can i get coffee
find me a nearby tea or coffee shop
tell me when i have yoga class
"Remind me about my doctor appointment at 9 am today, my sister is coming."
when am i supposed to swim tomorrow
Set a reminder for a meeting with my boss on the 12th of this month at 10am to discuss the budget.
give me directions to the local starbucks
send me to the nearest gas station
Where can I get Chinese food?
what's the forecast for the city this week
is it going to rain in the next 7 days
directions to nearest grocery store
What is my adress?
What's the weather in Alameda now?
set reminder for yoga classes on the 12th of this month
Will it be dry in Durham today?
When is my swimming activity and who will be there? 
what is the weather like today
what is the weather going to be like today and tomorrow
I need to know when my football activity is and with whom. 
please show me the weekly weather report
Is there going to be snow in Boston on Monday? 
"Hi, I need to know some information about my upcoming conference, specifically, when and where it will take place, and what will be on the agenda. "
find nearby parking areas
will it be raining in the next 7 days
Is it gonna drizzle in Durham during the week?
will the weather be cloudy next week
What is the highest temperature in New York right now
Tell me the weather report for Tuesday in San Mateo
where's the nearest produce stand
navigate to the nearest place to get coffee
Where can I get gas?
show me traffic for going home
i have a dinner on tuesday
"Schedule me a meeting today at 3pm, with management to onboard new members."
Car find me a local chinese restaurant with the fastest route.
what is the weather forecast for wednesday through tuesday of next week
Find out the date and time for my dentist appointment
show directions for the nearest grocery store
tell me how hot it's going to be in the forecast for the weather
can you please take me to a coffee house
What time is my swimming activity and who is going to be attending?
tell me the time and date that my next tennis game is scheduled at
"Remind me about my optometrist appointment on Thursday at 11 am, my aunt is coming"
What is the weather like in Danville next week?
Is it gonna be humid in Inglewood during the next week?
Which one will be the temperature in Compton today and tomorrow?
i have to go grocery shopping can you give me directions to the nearest grocery store
will it be stormy this weekend in Cleveland?
what's the weather going to be like today and tomorrow
"Please, set a reminder for a meeting at 1pm with HR to sign the NDA!"
find me the closest coffee shop on the map
Where is there pizza?
what's the weekly forecast
what is the weather forecast in the city
remind me that i have a meeting at work on the 12th at 5 pm in conference room 100
Schedule a conference with the executive team at 5 pm on the 6th .
Will it be frost in Alhambra in next 48 hours?
On friday will there be clear skies in Oakland?
what is the local weather forecast for this week
find me the nearest grocery store
Schedule a swimming activity with Alex for the 13th at 1pm.
Where is the closest rest stop?
set a reminder for lab work on the 12th
check doctor's appointment date
Will it drizzle in Redwood City on Tuesday?
Is it going to be humid in Camarillo on Tuesday?
take me to the nearest cafe
What time is the tennis activity and who is attending?
search for nearby starbucks
can you give me directions to a fast food place that serves pizza
Set a reminder for dinner at 7pm on the 6th with my brother.
Is it gonna be hot in Atherton today and tomorrow?
what time do the lab results come in
Will it hail in Brentwood?
get me directions to the closest starbucks
Find the nearest gas station near my location.
Where can I get groceries?
Will there be rain in Grand Rapids on Tuesday? 
Schedule a calendar reminder for yoga with Jeff at 6pm on the 5th.
what is the weather next week
What is the date and time of my next swimming activity?
car what is the weather going to be like in the next several days
Car is there any grocery store near me?
Get me the address of a coffee or tea place around me that has no traffic
can you schedule a football game next month on the 13th?
remind me when my next doctor's appointment is
does the local forecasts say it'll be cloudy
Any pizza close?
what time is my dinner reservation
give me the weather for next week
give me the full weekly weather forecast
set a reminder for the lab request on 12th
What is the date for my doctor appointment and who is attending?
show me this week's forecast
what is the weather today
show me the way to some chinese food
Set a reminder to take medicine at 9am on the 12th of this month with Alex.
Will there be any frost in fresno this week?
get me directions to a local cafe
is it supposed to rain this week
What is the date of my next doctor appointment and who will be attending?
Where can a girl get some pizza around here?
I want coffee.
what is the date and time of my next exercise class
Schedule a conference with the boss on the 2nd at 2pm.
i'd love to go shopping are there any malls nearby
tell me the closest place to get a cup of hot tea
when should i take my medicine next
Will there be dew in Durham tomorrow? 
schedule my tennis class
what is the agenda of my meeting today
Is it gonna be windy in Camarillo on Sunday?
What is the address for my house? 
Where is the nearest rest stop?
can you give me directions to the nearest starbucks
Find a gas station that is not farther than 3 miles away.
Address for Starbucks please. 
Schedule a tennis match for 3pm this week with Jeff.
When is my doctors appointment and who is going?
will it rain next week
does the forecast say it will snow
schedule my doctors appointment on the 12th
I need the closest parking garage. 
tell me what the temperature will be like for the next week
I need a pizza place within 4 miles.
What time is the swimming party and who is attending?
give me directions to the nearest parking garage
Can you schedule dinner with Tom at 6pm today?
Will it rain in Redwood City this weekend?
check today's weather
Info about meeting. 
remind me there's a football game on the 12th
I need a route to a gas station and avoid heavy traffic. 
Do you know who's coming for tennis? And when is it taking place?
find the fastest direction to home
give me directions to my house
Where is the closest parking garage?
what is the date of my next yoga class
When is my swimming activity and who is attending?
Where is a parking garage without heavy traffic?
What time and date do I have football scheduled next?
what is the forecast for the city this week
Will it rain in Chicago next week?
Remind me that I have yoga with Ana at 4 pm on Wednesday
What is the date and time for my optometrist appointment?
Remind me about swimming with Jeff later this week at 4 pm.
what's the weather supposed to be like in new york city this week
please find me directions to a nearby place i can get some coffee
is it going to rain in the next 7 days
Will it be overcast in Boston on Saturday?
what time is my doctor's appointment
what's it going to be like in san jose
Please schedule me a yoga activity with Tom on the 4th at 5pm.
next doctor's appointment
find out if it's going to be cloudy next week
how do i get to the nearest restaurant
I need a hospital quick!
Where can I get Chinese food?
what's the temperature going to be this week
remind me to go get a shot tomorrow
check today's weather
how warm is it outside right now
check the weather
will it rain this week
Where is the closest parking garage?
Where can I get gas?
what is the weather is it going to rain
please schedule a game of tennis with my friend for next week
who is coming with me to my doctor appointment
what is today's weather forecast
Which one is gonna be the lowest temperature in Brentwood on Saturday?
check calendar for when my doctor's appointment is
Where is the closest hospital?
What is the address for my friends house?
What time is my lab appointment and who will be attending it?
I need gas!
what is the temperature outside
I need the address to my friend's home.
what's the weather forecast for today and tomorrow
give me directions to nearest mall
check the weather for today
car what is the date and time of my next appointment with my optometrist
What grocery stores are around?
direct me to the nearest starbucks
Car I desire to eat in some good pizza restaurant: which one is the nearest?
i have a dentist appointment on the 12th of this month
Where is the nearest grocery store located?
Schedule a tennis activity with Martha for the end of March at 9am.
will it rain this week
is it going to be cloudy in the next 7 days
"Car I need to rest, please find some rest stop near me in the direction we're going now"
i need directions to my house and avoid all heavy traffic
Will there be snow on Wednesday in Oakland?
give me a location to a local parking lot
where's the nearest produce stand
Schedule conference with vice president. 
check today's forecast for rain
Find a pizza restaurant that is open near me.
Is it going to be foggy in Compton in the next 7 days?
Car I'm desiring to eat Chinese food!
what's the forecast for the city this week
what is the temperature outside
take me to the nearest chinese restaurant
find some places downtown where i can park
is it going to be cloudy this week
Will it be frost in San Jose tomorrow?
What hospitals are here?
will it rain next week
"Car, set a reminder for a conference at 6 pm. I need it on the 1st with my boss."
"What time is my yoga class, and who all will be there?"
what is the weather in new york city
Car I'm desiring to eat at some Chinese restaurant: is there anything within 2 miles?
please make an appointment on tuesday for me to see the doctor
When is my optometrist appointment? 
when is my scheduled appointment for my lab
Give me saturday's weather report for menlo park
schedule a meeting for today
tell me the weather for this week
please tell me the weather for today and what the weather will be tomorrow
give me directions to the closest chinese food restaurant
When is my football activity and who is attending?
please check the weather for this week
what time is my tennis match for this saturday
Will it be misty in Seattle at any point in the next 7 day period? 
Is it going to be foggy in Camarillo this weekend?
What is the temperature in Danville this week? 
Can you find out the parties attending and the date for the day I take my medicine?
find me a place where i can buy coffee or tea
set a reminder for 10
I need a reminder about a lab appointment. 
Schedule a football activity with Tom on the 4th at 6pm.
What is the time and date of my football activity?
remind me about that meeting later
it's going to be raining so i have to drive slow
Is it humid over the next two days
confirm meeting for 4:50 pm on the 12th
what is the forecast for today's weather
"Whats the two day forecast for new york, does it say it will be hot?"
what time is my meeting tomorrow and what is the agenda
find me a hotel somewhere near my current location
what is the weather going to be like tomorrow show me the 7 day forecast
"Remind me about my doctor's appointment at 1pm on thursday, with Tom"
What is the date and time of dinner?
Schedule a reminder to take medicine with my brother on Friday at 3pm.
Schedule a swimming activity with Ana for the 1st at 2pm.
